= Vraptor Scaffold
Scaffold for vraptor 3.

== Installation
 gem install vraptor-scaffold --pre
 
== Dependencies
Ensures that you already have installed:

- Java 6 
- Maven 2
 
== Getting Started
At the command line client:
 
- vraptor new myapp
- Change directory into myapp
- vraptor scaffold product name:string value:double
- vraptor start 
- Go http://localhost:8080/products

== Tests
At the command line client:

- Running: mvn clean test
- Code coverage: mvn clean cobertura:cobertura
 
== Web Server
The default web server is jetty but you can import the project in your favorite ide
and run your project with tomcat or jboss as for example.

== Supported Java Types
The only supported types for now are: boolean, double, float, short, integer, long, string and text.

== Architecture Overview
When you run vraptor new command will be created a java web application with:
 
- Vraptor3 = Controller
- Jpa(Hibernate and Hibernate Validator) = ORM
- Freemarker = Template Engine
- Sitemesh = Decorator
- Maven2 = Project Management 
- jQuery = JavaScript
- Junit
- Hamcrest
- Mockito    

== Description of Contents
 
src/main/java/app/controllers
  Controllers will be placed here.
  
src/main/java/app/models
  Models will be placed here.
  
src/main/java/app/repositories
  Repositories will be placed here.
  
src/main/webapp 
  Web root folder.
  
src/main/webapp/decorators
  Decorators will be placed here.
  
src/main/webapp/javascripts
  JavaScripts will be placed here.
  
src/main/webapp/stylesheets
  CSS will be placed here.
  
src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/views
  Views will be placed here. Ex: product/index.ftl
  
src/test/java/app/controllers
  Tests to controllers will be placed here.
  
src/test/java/app/models
  Testes to models will be placed here.
  
src/test/java/app/repositories
  Tests to repositories will be placed here.

== Where next?
- Anothers build framework like ant, gradle and ivy. 
- More views generators like velocity, jsp and scaml.
- More ORM generators with openJPA and TopLink.
- Relationship(ManyToOne, OneToMany, etc) and date(LocalDate, LocalDateTime, LocalTime) support.
- JPA2 support.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Author
-- Rodolfo Liviero [mailto:rodolfoliviero@gmail.com] @rodolfoliviero

== Copyright
Copyright (c) 2010 Rodolfo Liviero. See LICENSE for details.
